Move oracle code to docs2 repo (#602)
o1-labs/docs2: examples/zkapps/07-oracles/README.md

# Mina Oracle Example

> Monorepo for [this example](https://docs.minaprotocol.com/zkapps/tutorials/oracle). Check it out! :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monorepo for [Tutorial 7: Oracles](https://docs.minaprotocol.com/zkapps/tutorials/oracle). Check it out! :)
```
